6 on cunum Am> spectus,

relative importance assigned to them. For example, while
some, as Presl, Fee, Moore, and myself, break up the old
Linnean genera, Polypodium, Aspidium, dvc„ into a greater
or lesser number of smaller genera, upon characters derived
from differences in their anatomical structure and modes of
growth ; others, as Hooker and Mettenius, prefer adhering
to the Linnean genera, without greatly altering their
charactere, and adopting the modern generic names as
sections] ones for such divisions as they find themselves
compelled to make.

On reviewing what I have now stated it may naturally
be asked, What is a species or genus P or, by what law of
nature can this be determined? As generally under-
stood by naturalists, a species is an organised structure
specially created and endowed with an essence or quality
peculiar to itselfi possessing the power of increase and
transmitting its primitive essence and anatomical structure
and form without change, to its progeny for successive
generations. But the difficulty of defining species becomes
evident on taking a general view of the numerous forms
which connect one with another. It will then be found be·
yond human power to ascertain whether the several grada-
tions of allied forms are descendants of primitive specific
creations, or are, according to the Darwinian theory of the
“ origin of species,” only deviations from a few primordia]
· creations, endowed with a protean principle which becomes
manifest during the lapse of ages, and controlled by the
different climatic and local influences under which the
progeny of the original have become established, and
which now form the flora of the earth. If the latter is
admitted to be the case, and we are led to believe that
intermediate forms originate during the slow progress of
time, then all must be uncertainty, and the number of

 

