6616161666 or ‘rsmns lm) GENERA. 327

186.—Azr1mmm, Roth. (1788).

Allantodia sp„ R. ΒΛ, 1810 ; Asplenium ep. aa.. sect. Athy-
rium, Hook. Sp. Fal„ J. Sm. Fer-u Brit. and For.

Vernation ffiflo‘nnhb, meet or decumbent, solitary or
becmning upilione. Fronde bi-tripinnatifid‚ 1 to 4 feet
hsghultimate segments dentato, or deeply laciniated. Veins ·
forked 3 venules free. Sporanqia unilateral, or often bi-
lateral on the lower exterior venule. Indwsium generally
vaulted‚ single or binate, or oblong reniforme, forming
linear, straight, or curved, generally unequal-sided sori.

Type. Asplenium Filix-foemina, Bernh.

Illust. Hook. and Bauer. Gen. Fil„ t. 163 Moore Ind.

Fil„ p. 37, A. 3 Hook. Syn. Pil„ t. 4, fig. 38, E.

Ona—The form of the sori in the 6966166 included in this
genus is very variable, some being unilateral as in Asple-⁴
nium, others binate as in szlaziwn, while in others the
indusium is oblong reniform as in Fadye‘nia, but the lobes
are generally unequal, such differences being in many
instances found in the same frend. In many the indusium
is cylindrical and vaulted like that of true Allantodia.

In the “ Species Filicum,'' as well as in “ Ferns, British
and Foreign,'' A thyrium is ranked as a section of Asplenium,
but, for the sake of a more natural grouping of 6966166, Ι
deem it best to allow it to rank as a genus3 more distin-
guished by its habit of growth and the soft and brittle
nature, and highly compound character of the fronds, than
by the character of the sori ; and the species may be viewed
as having more relationship with the compound-fronded
species of Diplaoeium than with Asplenium.

In the “ Species Filicum '’ twenty-nine species are enu-
merated, but in the “ Synopsis ” the number is reduced to
111116116611, ten of which have come under my observation in

