26 on anunm Am> errem&

their 'fructificatiom yet a great many differ so widely in
general habit and mode of growth, that any systematic
arrangement, founded on genera so constituted, must be
received as purely artificial, and only admissible on the
principle of its bringing together under a few brief cha-
racters a number of species possessing such characters in
common. This being the case, modern Pteridologists have
found it necessary to seek for other characters in order to
classisy the various groups in accordance with their natural
relationship to one another, as exhibited by their general
appearance in habit and mode of growth. This became
the more necessary on account of the great increase in the
number of species from time to time brought into notice
by botanical collectore as previously explained. Robert
Brown was the first to point out and use an additional
character for defining genera. In 1810, in characterising
the genera Gyathea, Hemitelia, and Alsophila‚ he took into
account the difference of the position of the sori on the
veina and this he again brought into special notice in the
character of his genera Maionia and HypoderriS, first de-
scribed in Wallich’s “ Plantae Asiaticae Rariores? In
Horsfield’s “ Plantae J avanicae Rariores‚'’ published in
1838, he enters more fully upon the importance of employ-
ing venation as affording auxiliary generic data. He there
sketches out a method for dividing the large genus Polypo-
dium into gmups of species naturally allied in general
habit, on characters derived from the structure of the
venation and position of the sori on the veins.

About this period several botanists on the Continent
directed their attention to the study of the venation of
Ferus, The first worthy of notice is Ferdinand Schott,
Director of the Imperial Gardens at Vienna, wh0‚ in 1834,
commenced a work entitled “ Genera Filicum.” This

