on essem Am> spamus, 7

species will vary according bo the evidence possessed by
different authors, and the views they take of the apparens
transition forms. ¹

In verification of what is stated above respecting species,
1 quote the words of an eminens botanist, that “ the pre-
liminary exact determination of what is a species no one
has yeiz succeeded in giving.'' It is well known that phae·
nogamous planias assume different forms and aspects brought
about by natural causes or the agency of man; the differ-
ence from the original types being osten so great, that if
evidence of {zhe change were nol: on record, the botanisb of
the present day would be jusssified in describing them as
distinc‘n species, and originally created as such. With
Ferus, we possess but little ‚evidence of new forms having
come into existence in modern times, the chief examples
being found in several intermediate states in the genera
Gymnoqramme and Pteme, which of late years have made
their appearance in gardens‚ some being so different, from
their supposed parents sshat, if they had been found wild
they would by some bobanists be considered sufficiently
distinct bo rank as species. If such changes do actually
take place, and we are to deduce from them that races of
intermediate forms originate in the progress of time, and
through the causes above alluded to, great djffioulty must
attend any attempt to define species of Ferns.

These observatione show the principal conflicting causes
.that have led to the confusion in the nomenclabure of Ferns.

This may be considered a sufficient history of species. I
will now treas of genera and their classifica’tion3 but to
make sshe subject well undersbood, I dcem it best to give
first a general exposition of the structure of the different
parts of Ferus, on which genera are founded and classified.

